So Peter, let's hear from you next.
Well, when we informed everyone that the publishers were going to be redistributed to the north or south congregation,
let's just say some struggle with the idea.
Paula, did you see? They have us going to the south congregation and everybody else from our group is going to north.
Yeah, I saw that. My aunt and cousins will be going there, too.
Well, that doesn't make any sense. They should keep you together.
Well, at least the brothers said that the list was just a recommendation.
Well, they didn't say it exactly like that. They said if we had extenuating circumstances.
So you don't have to go if you don't want to go.
But Kim, if everyone did that, don't you think?
Hi, sister Taylor. Oh, hello, girls. I saw your name on the list for the south congregation.
But your grandkids and their families, they're going to north.
So what are you going to do?
What do you mean?
Well, are you going to north or are you going to south?
Now, sweetie, didn't you say you saw my name listed under the south congregation?
Yeah, but so I'll be going to the south congregation.
Well, don't you think it would make more sense if you were in the same congregation as your grandkids and their families?
Does it make more sense?
Well, that's a whole different question. The brothers outlined an arrangement.
They said they hope we could support that arrangement.
Unless we had extenuating circumstances and I don't have any right now.
So for me, it's simple.
Whether I do all of the reasons or not, I'm going to support that arrangement.
Oh, look, girls, I've got to go.
Oh, and by the way, I hope to see you both in the south congregation.
I think this experience well illustrates one way to show courage now.
And that's by following the direction of the brothers taking the lead.
Even if we don't fully understand the reasons why this direction has been given.
Exactly.
We've been told when God of May, God, attacks Jehovah's people,
we may receive direction that may not seem practical.
So courageously following directions now will help us to do so then.
So brothers, we're almost done.
And if you don't mind, I'd like to share what happened with my group.
The Monroe's asked if I would join them on one of their family worship evenings.
So let's ask our final review question.
How can we prepare ourselves for the events that are to come?
Sarah?
We want to develop heartfelt obedience to the guidance that we receive now.
So that we'll obey any future instructions Jehovah may give us.
So doing this will help us survive Armageddon.
Well said.
Very nice to hear.
May I ask Brad a question?
Sure.
Go ahead.
Brad, I noticed you've really been focused on that picture.
You might have asked what you're thinking about.
Will the brothers tell us how to fight the people who will be attacking us?
We won't need to do any fighting.
Now what will we need the instructions for?
Are we just going to stand there and do nothing?
We don't know what those instructions will be, son.
Brad, when Armageddon comes, we'll have nothing to worry about.
And we won't have to fight.
We know that because of what Jehovah has done for us people in the past.
I'd like to show you an account in 2 Chronicles chapter 20.
It was a time when Moelbites and Ammonites started the war against the land of Judah,
who's been ruled by King Jehoshaphat.
Some of those Israelites were likely anxious, just like you.
Jehoshaphat gathered Judah at the temple and began to inquire of Jehovah.
And Jehovah caused the Levite named Jezile to give an answer that gave everyone courage.
What did he say?
Do not be afraid or be terrified because of this large crowd.
For the battle's not yours, but God's.
You will not need to fight this battle.
Take your position, stand still, and see the salvation of Jehovah in your behalf.
Jehovah turned the enemies against each other.
By the time the Israelites arrived, now one soldier was left.
It was obvious that Brad's courage was strengthened after reviewing this Bible account.
And I'm happy to say that after our discussions, the friends in our group are more aware of how they own acts of courage now
that will help them be courageous in the future.
Enough from me. It's your turn, Albert.